# Reading Notes Class 01

## Why this is important?

We are starting to work with a new programming language, Python. It is important to know the basics, the similarities and differences from previously learned languages and key concepts.

1. In the context of the reading “Pain and Suffering,” describe the main challenges faced by beginners when learning Python and suggest at least two strategies for overcoming these obstacles.

    * You’ll be pushed mentally, having to think your way through problems that you had only even heard about a few hours beforehand.
    You’ll have to forge your own path toward a solution.
    You’ll have to research for hours on end, fleshing out the skeleton that we discuss in class, piling information on top of application so that you can reach your goals.
    You’ll be pushed emotionally, constantly confronted with your own lack of understanding of a topic.
    You’ll Constantly be having to figure out how to collaborate with new people and deal with their (and your own) emotional quirks.
    You’ll Constantly be thrust far outside of your comfort zone with the expectation that you’ll survive for the next push forward.
    You’ll Constantly be dealing with uncertainty of what awaits you at the end of the 10 weeks, and whether or not you’ll make it.
    You’ll be pushed physically, and while sitting in a chair and staring at your screen isn’t the most strenuous exercise in the world, the consecutive hours of it will take its toll.
    You’ll lose sleep, you’ll forget to work out, and you’ll feel exhausted all while being filled with information day after day.

    * Ask questions and research

2. After reading “Beginners Guide to Big O,” explain the concept of time complexity and space complexity.

    * Time complexity: execution time required

    * Space complexity: space used (e.g. in memory or on disk)

3. Based on the “Names and Values in Python” reading, explain the difference between mutable and immutable data types in Python.

    * Mutable: Mutable types are those that allow modification of their content without changing their memory address

    * Immutable: Immutable types do not allow their content to be changed after they are created