# Reading Notes Class 08

## Reading Questions

1. What is the basic syntax of Python list comprehension, and how does it differ from using a for loop to create a list? Provide an example of a list comprehension that squares the elements in a given list of integers.

    * my_new_list = [ expression for item in iterable_object ]

    * The literal iterable_object represents an iterable object such as a list, tuple, set, etc. We use the elements of the iterable_object to create a new list.
    The term item represents an element of the iterable_object.
    The expression represents the operation that we perform on the item. You can perform mathematical operations on item or pass it to a function.
    my_new_list is the list created by executing expression on elements of iterable_object.

    * Squares example: 
    myList=[1,2,3,4,5,6]
    print("The original list is:",myList)
    newList=[item**2 for item in myList]
    print("The output list is:",newList)

2. What is a decorator in Python?

    * It's essentially a function that adds functionality to another function or modifies it in some way, without altering the original function's structure. 

3. Explain the concept of decorators in Python. How do they work, and what are some common use cases for them? Provide an example of a simple decorator function from the reading.

    * How they work: A decorator takes a function as an argument, adds some functionality to it, and returns a new function.
    Decorators are applied to functions using the @ symbol, followed by the decorator's name.

    * Logging: To log information about function calls.
    Performance Measurement: To measure the execution time of a function.
    Authorization and Access Control: To check if a user has the right permissions to call a function.
    Caching: To store results of function calls to avoid redundant computations.

    * Example:
        def simple_decorator(func):
            def wrapper():
                print("Before the function call.")
                func()
                print("After the function call.")
            return wrapper

            @simple_decorator
            def greet():
                print("Hello, world!")

            greet()