# Reading Notes Class 13

## Reading Questions

1. Can you explain the basic concept of linear regression and its purpose in the context of machine learning and data analysis?

    * Linear regression can be thought of as finding the straight line that best fits a set of scattered data points.You can then project that line to predict new data points. Linear regression is a fundamental ML algorithm due to its comparatively simple and core properties.

2. Describe the process of implementing a linear regression model using Python’s Scikit Learn library, including the necessary steps and functions.

    * Import the packages and classes needed in this example:
    import numpy as np
    from sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression

    * Create a numpy array of data:
    x = np.array([6, 16, 26, 36, 46, 56]).reshape((-1, 1))
    y = np.array([4, 23, 10, 12, 22, 35])
    * Create an instance of a linear regression model and fit it to the data with the fit() function:
    model = LinearRegression().fit(x, y)

    * The following section will get results by interpreting the created instance:

    * Obtain the coefficient of determination by calling the model with the score() function, then print the coefficient:
    r_sq = model.score(x, y)
    print('coefficient of determination:', r_sq)

    * Print the Intercept:
    print('intercept:', model.intercept_)

    * Print the Slope:
    print('slope:', model.coef_)

    * Predict a Response and print it:
    y_pred = model.predict(x)
    print('Predicted response:', y_pred, sep='\n')

3. What is the purpose of splitting the dataset into train and test sets, and how does this contribute to the evaluation of a machine learning model’s performance?

    * Splitting a dataset into training and testing sets helps in evaluating a machine learning model's performance. The training set is used to train the model, while the testing set, which the model hasn't seen during training, is used to assess its performance. This process ensures that the model can generalize well to new, unseen data, not just the data it was trained on.